# npmvet-updater
> A handy tool to sync your npm package versions with the latest ones.

The **npmvet-updater** is a node.js program that automatically updates the `package.json` file in your project based on the `.npmvet.json` file generated by [npmvet](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npmvet). It helps you to keep your dependencies and devDependencies up to date and consistent with the installed versions.

## How it works?

The program does the following steps:

- Import the file system module
- Read the `.npmvet.json` file and parse it as an array of objects
- Read the `package.json` file and parse it as an object
- Loop through the npmvet array and update the package `dependencies` and `devDependencies` accordingly
  - If the item name exists in the package `dependencies` then update the dependency version to the `installedVersion`
  - If the item name exists in the package `devDependencies` then update the dev-dependency version to the `installedVersion`
- Stringify the updated package object and write it back to the `package.json` file
- Log a success message

## How to use **npmvet-updater**?

To use this program, you need to have [node JS](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed on your system. You also need to have a `.npmvet.json` file and a `package.json` file in your project directory.

### How to get `.npmvet.json` file?

[NPM Vet](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npmvet) is a simple CLI tool to help vet your npm package versions.

To install the `npmvet` utility, run this command:

```bash
npm i -g npmvet
```

To save the `npmvet` output in json format, go to your project directory and run this command:

```bash
npmvet -r json > .npmvet.json
```

### How to run the program?

To run the program, simply execute the following command in your terminal:

```bash
node npmvet-updater.js
```

The program will update your `package.json` file and log a success message. You can then check the changes in your `package.json` file and install or update your dependencies as needed.
